Fix output of commas and other special characters in X509 DN values (#5861)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/fix-csr_subject_commas.txt

Bugfix

>    * Fix string representation of DNs when parsing values containing commas,
>      conforming to RFC 1779. Fixes #769.

Reviewer: minor: "parsing" is reading, but we are outputting. I think this should be

```suggestion
   * Fix string representation of DNs when outputting values containing commas
     and other special characters, following RFC 1779. Fixes #769.
```
